docs: Add Cambium to ADOPTERS.md (#5624)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: ADOPTERS.md

| [PZU Group](https://www.pzu.pl) | @MichaluxPL | 2024-08-26 | PZU is one of the largest financial institutions in Poland and also the largest insurance company in Central and Eastern Europe. CloudNativePG is used as on-premise cloud solution/DBaaS to provide highly available PostgreSQL clusters.|
| [Telnyx](https://www.telnyx.com) | @aryklein | 2024-09-24 | Telnyx leverages PostgreSQL as its relational database for internal services, managing databases with high availability using CloudNativePG across multiple Kubernetes clusters in different sites, with distributed replica clusters to ensure data redundancy and resilience. |

> | [Cambium](https://www.cambium.earth) | @Mmoncadaisla | 2024-09-25 | Cambium uses Cloud Native PG at its core to analyze and visualize all kinds of geospatial data for carbon markets use cases ranging from site selection to monitoring reporting and verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Cambium](https://www.cambium.earth) | @Mmoncadaisla | 2024-09-25 | Cambium uses CloudNativePG at its core to analyze and visualize all kinds of geospatial data for carbon markets use cases ranging from site selection to monitoring reporting and verification.
```
